update Nvidia device driver docs to link to list of supported cards and newer versions (#25531)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/plugins/devices/nvidia.mdx

to Nomad. The driver automatically supports [Multi-Instance GPU (MIG)][mig].

The NVIDIA device plugin uses [NVML] bindings to get data regarding available

> NVIDIA devices (for a list of supported cards, consult [NVIDIA's documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/deploy/nvml-api/nvml-api-reference.html#nvml-api-reference))
> and then exposes them via [Fingerprint RPC]. The plugin detects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NVIDIA devices and then exposes them via [Fingerprint RPC]. Consult [NVIDIA's
documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/deploy/nvml-api/nvml-api-reference.html#nvml-api-reference)
for a list of supported cards. The plugin detects
```

I moved the NVIDIA docs to its own sentence so we aren't interrupting the "uses and exposes" sentence. Also, we like to avoid putting content inside parentheses because people tend to not read that content.

Additional environment variables can be set by the task to influence the runtime

> environment. See [Nvidia's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment. Refer to [NVIDIA's
```

Not technically part of this PR, but please change "See" to "Refer to". We don't use "see" because we [avoid ableist langugage](https://github.com/hashicorp/tutorials/blob/main/STYLE_GUIDE.md#avoid-ableist-language)

The NVIDIA integration only works with drivers who natively integrate with
NVIDIA's [container runtime
library](https://github.com/NVIDIA/libnvidia-container) and cards that are [supported
by NVML](https://docs.nvidia.com/deploy/nvml-api/nvml-api-reference.html#nvml-api-reference).

Nomad has tested support with the [`docker` driver][docker-driver].

## Source Code & Compiled Binaries

The source code for this plugin can be found at hashicorp/nomad-device-nvidia. You
can also find pre-built binaries on the [releases page][nvidia_plugin_download]. To 

> install the plugin, download the binary/compile your own and place it in the [plugin directory][`plugin_dir`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
install the plugin, download the binary or compile from source. Then place the
binary in the [plugin directory][`plugin_dir`].
```

style: removed the "/" and split into 2 sentences for easier scanning.
